Create ui-c8y-1021-5-1-ui-c-8-y-properties-list-the-placement-of-no-parse.md (#2660)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-5-1-ui-c-8-y-properties-list-the-placement-of-no-parse.md

---
date: ""

> title: UI c8y properties list the placement of no parse should not matter (#6808) (#7510)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Improved handling of noParse attribute in c8y-properties-list UI component
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59862
version: 1021.5.1
---

> UI c8y properties list the placement of no parse should not matter (#6808) (#7510)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The c8y-properties-list UI component is used to display a list of properties in Cumulocity IoT applications. Previously, the placement of the noParse attribute within the component's configuration could lead to inconsistent behavior. With this change, the handling of the noParse attribute has been improved, ensuring that its placement within the configuration no longer affects the component's functionality. This enhancement provides a more reliable and predictable experience for users when utilizing the c8y-properties-list component in their applications.
```
